Okay. Uh in this part talk about how to
make uh this one.
Okay. I want to use this.
Okay. I want to make this tunnel right
here
as you can see. Okay. Let's make
Okay. We have system.
Okay, let's stop it.
Okay, the tunnel is in this place.
What's I going to do? But let's return
here the modeling tool.
Go here and create cylinder
and this place
with make it like this.
Then as you can see
okay
let's go right here and make the radius
of this cylinder
mark okay
I think it's good
uh after that uh no let's make it
okay I think it's fine
Okay. Now, let's return right here
uh to our
uh cylinder
and let's adjust it.
Okay, I think it's good.
Now, let's save this
and let's duplicate it.
Ctrl Ctrl + V
and
press R
to make it smaller.
Press W and make it like this.
Okay, after that done,
let's go here. Press R.
Okay.
Save call.
Now select the first one by pressing
control one and let's go here to the for
model. Okay, model this one and choose
this boolean
model.
Okay, I think it's created.
Okay,
hit accept.
Now
let's press R
and make it bigger
and above all the reduce the size.
Now let's return here to the snapping
tool.
Make it 50. And let's see.
Okay, now it's fine.
The final thing I want to do is to drag
it right this like this and go here.
Okay. Fine.
Now the water.
Okay. Now it's like uh
done.
Now select this one. This one. Okay. Uh
now let's get rid of this uh one. Okay.
How to do that? We have to go here to
this plane car
selector and
white just to work our cursed
play after selecting there.
Okay. There is a problem of this cut
like this. Okay, let's flip please
and go right here.
Okay, great. Hit accept. Okay, this my
tunnel is created uh successfully.
Now I can add the material for the
tunnel.
Uh let's return here to the
time I address add material to the
system
material.
Search for volume
More filter. Set price to three.
Okay, let's choose this one. High
quality.
Okay, the material. Let's add it. M it
right this in my download.
Now let's return it here and let's
adjust the ting of this water and let's
see it
>> the offset
and finally let's go here to the normal.
Okay.
Okay. Let's make it like this. It looks
good.
Okay guys, this is all for this
tutorial. How to create autonomous.